9:00 a.m. in Shanghai Shenzhen and here
in Hong Kong, you're watching the China
show. We are live for you at the Asian
Financial Forum. I'm Ivon Man with
David.
>> Good morning. We are counting down to
the open of markets in greater China.
Let's get to your top stories today.
We're looking at currency markets. The
yen extending its gains with traders on
intervention alert after the prime
minister's warning uh and signs of
possible US backing gold as you can see,
topping $5,000 for the very first time.
President Trump ramping up pressure on
Canada, threatening 100% tariffs if it
makes a trade deal with China.
>> Also ahead, China investigating its top
general Chang Yosia as Xi Jinping's
military purge deepens.
>> And the US government faces a potential
shutdown as Democrats threatened to
block spending after a second deadly
shooting by ICE agents in Minneapolis.
Good morning. Happy Monday. Welcome to
the China Show. Lots to discuss over the
next two hours or so. We're live here,
of course, at the Asian Financial Forum.
So, a lot to discuss as far as the
outlook for Hong Kong's role uh and how
that evolves in 2026 given all the
changes we're seeing across asset
preferences and the like. In fact,
speaking of uh that, you know, that that
very topic, gold is going to be a very
big topic of conversation today. We
mentioned topping 5,000 for the very
first time. The other big market story
was really one that largely was
expected. We didn't expect it to come on
the weekend. uh the warnings coming
through out of the prime minister and
hence why we are seeing the yen
continuing to strengthen from about 159
we're sub 154 and the key crosses on
your screens what that's leading to is
really this broad move lower in the US
dollar against u Asian FX right whether
that's the ringit the sing dollar the
Korean one or also the Taiwanese
currency coming up on your screens and
fairly steep losses as you can see as
far as the dollar is concerned and
dollar time the fix will be in focus of
course uh we're 694 last we checked
equity markets
Stronger yen, weaker Japanese equity
market. Coming up on your screens, the
Cosby index, US futures, and the
Asia-Pacific benchmark at the very
bottom of your screens. Uh it's Fed
week. We'll get to that in a moment. The
twos and tents in Japan and also on
treasuries coming up uh on your screen.
Not that we're expecting anything from
the Fed this week, but we'll sort of
look into the nuance, what to watch out
for specifically as far as that's
concerned. And yes, by the way, yes,
another one that's crept up is the
shutdown concerns. Speaking of precious
metals, gold, silver, platinum, and
palladium. Uh silver, of course, uh well
5,000 in gold and triple digits. In
fact, even more, $106 now on silver. A50
futures coming online and oil of course
and separately because of that extreme
cold weather uh in the US and in Canada,
gas futures are punching through the
ceiling. So certainly something to watch
and just consider as we try and make
sense of all these moves very early this
Monday. Yeah, it's interesting, right?
When when you have the likes of the
Federal Reserve Bank of New York and
Bank of Japan, uh talking about checking
the rates of of the exchange rate of of
the yen, certainly that does send a lot
of signals that maybe possibly we are
seeing some sort of coordinated effort
in terms of intervention from the US in
Japan, which we we haven't seen, right?
I mean, we haven't seen from 2011,
right, when there was the Japanese
earthquake. So certainly they don't they
don't usually do this. I think it's
only, you know, three times since 1996.
So the market is certainly listening.
you bring it back to kind of what we're
seeing here at AFF because there
certainly is a lot of discussions about
co-creating new horizons amid an
evolving landscape right that's
>> what does it mean what does it mean
>> um I think for for Hong Kong certainly
it means what does it mean for promoting
crossber investment between the mainland
and Hong Kong we certainly have seen
that uh when it comes to the IPO market
this whole theme of going global from
mainland companies as Chris uh the the
financial services treasury secretary
mentioned that's still a key theme here
today and of course you know can Hong
Kong become that gold trading hub as
well given the time when we having 5,000
when it comes to bullion.
>> Yeah.
>> What are the plans of Hong Kong right to
just build out the infrastructure needed
for it to create that hub and you know I
think uh so just right next to Ivon and
myself is the main hall of course at the
AFF and I believe speaking right now
should be Frederick M. Then we have John
Lee of course set to speak and then
Jolan out of the deputy uh the PBS the
deputy governor there. And of course,
speaking of Christopher Hu, who we just
talked to about about 40 minutes back,
here's what he had to say specifically
on the plans, Hong Kong's plans as far
as the this gold hub uh is concerned.
What to watch out for? Have a look.
>> I think gold right now is really a topic
for everyone globally and regionally.
And we are going to sign an agreement
with the Shanghai Gold Exchange later on
at this forum to highlight the fact that
we are cooperating with them to set up a
government-owned clearing house in Hong
Kong for OTC gold contracts.
Yeah, there we go. So, three-year plan
to build up that capacity. 50% will be
uh under the airport authority and of
course the other 50% will be of course
not a lot of details were disclosed
where the location of that of the vault
is going to
>> but thatou with the Shanghai gold
exchange right that's going to be signed
here at the AFF this week. So, something
to look out for here on on what those
that clearing mechanism is going to look
like as well for for the city. So,
certainly there's a lot that could be
happening here in terms of deals. uh
this week and we have a strong lineup of
guests here to talk us through some of
those key themes as we mentioned. We're
speaking to Morgan Stanley's Asia CEO
Goko Laoya there. Uh first up here on
the China show and the head of the World
Gold Council as well. We'll also hear
from Federator Hermes and Blackstone's
APC head of private wealth. Those
conversations at the times on your
screens.
>> Okay. Uh let's get back to the market
action and bring in Mark Hudmore, our M
live executive editor joining us right
now from Singapore to talk us through
these big market moves. And Mark, here
we are. Um how how close are we to
actual intervention? Just help us
understand sort of that that spectrum of
steps.
>> We obviously don't know exactly uh when
or if we'll even definitely get physical
intervention. As you highlighted in the
intro, uh it was slightly unusual how
the rate check came on Friday. That is
the normal procedure ahead of physical
intervention is that normally uh the MOF
will do a kind of rate check normally
via they might execute via the Bank of
Japan, but it's the MOF who make the
decision and they'll kind of go where do
you see dollar yen? And it's a hint
they're getting ready to intervene. As
you've highlighted, they have gone
through the Federal Reserve Board of New
York before depending on the time
difference, but that's not that is
unusual. It's not the the most common
way of doing it. I think the last time
as you mentioned was 2011 post Fukushima
uh earthquake. Um but since that's
that's kind of slightly unusual. The
more unusual bit was in fact that they
they they said explicitly when they did
the rate check uh that they wanted
everyone to know about it. U so they
said you know make this public. Um and
you know normally they they do these
rate checks because they want people to
know about it but it's normally leaked
out. It's kind of you know uh people
familiar stories whereas in this case it
was like hey please tell everyone out
there. Um, so this is quite unusual and
it's fueling a lot of speculation about
what's going on. I I need to emphasize
that word speculation because really
we're all in the dark right now. Uh, and
there there are very few extra concrete
facts beyond what I've just given there.
Uh, so we don't really know what the
next step is.
>> Okay. So for dollar yen, do you think we
we've seen a peak or or a high at least
with or without intervention? certainly
is a case or view from Elias Sada from
from Brown Brothers Haramman. Um what
what's your take on where dollar yen
goes from here?
>> Yeah, I I I think dollar yen goes a
chunk lower this week. Uh you know,
hedge fund speculative positioning was
short yen uh until last week. The latest
positioning data we get is from last
Tuesday. They were net short as of then.
Suddenly there's an attempt to put a
floor in place for the yen or a ceiling
for dollar yen if you want to put it
that way. um by officials and therefore
hedge funds are going to want to switch
positioning. So I think there's going to
be a lot of flow to buy the yen this
week. Um and so therefore I think dollar
yen ultimately goes a lot lower. But
there's another important component
here. I I don't even think that the the
the yen will end up being the bigger
story here. I think that there's a very
strong chance that the big story this
week is actually the dollar side. I
think uh you know the broad dollar
weakness can really be expected. We're
going to expect FX hedging ratios to
increase by uh from many countries and
there is this quiet quitting of US
assets. We've seen US stocks
underperform significantly over the past
year uh and and I expect that to pick up
pace again. So I think we we're going to
keep on seeing broad dollar weakness and
already this morning one of the things
that's quite unusual is that in fact
that while dollar yen's obviously come
lower and that's understandable. We're
seeing for example European currencies
do wonderful against the dollar most
prominently euro dollar uh which you
know there's less of a fundamental
argument here why that should suddenly
be surging and that makes the point that
there is a definitely a broader trend to
diversify at a dollar and that's driving
a lot of the asset moves we're getting
out there including the crazy moves in
precious metals for example
>> Mark yeah I was going to ask you
actually does that even further this
precious metal space but I think we we
we've answered that uh what about the
equity market overlay there what does
that mean for equities if at all?
>> I I think it's going to be a tough week
for stocks. I think that the
extraordinary moves we're we're seeing
in markets, what they do is they raise
volatility measures and that feeds into
value at risk measures which is how most
traders funds operate is they're only
allowed to work within value at risk
limits which is based off implied
volatility measures. So there's a
there's literally a mechanical system
while as we get more volatility across
the board, people have to derisk
slightly. Uh so I think that's one of
the the dynamics we're getting at the
moment. These extraordinary moves in
precious metals and now FX are going to
raise volatility. We already saw rates
extraordinary moves in rates markets
last week. So I think it's going to be
negative for stocks. Now adding into
that the the government shutdowns come
into focus. We've obviously got the
FOMC. We've got suddenly, you know, the
US talking about 100% tariffs in Canada.
uh there there's no shortage of of
negative news stories to kind of fuel
that narrative. So I think it's going to
be a tough week for stocks.
>> Mark, thank you. Mark Upmore there in
Singapore Lab executive editor.
Hopefully he's there to hold our hands
throughout this vol week here as we
countd down to not just uh any signs of
intervention from Japan uh but also that
Fed decision. So that really kind of is
the key when it comes to the week ahead
here today for in terms of egro macro
stuff. Obviously, we have also the
Goldman STAX macro conference that's
happening on Tuesday here in Hong Kong.
Uh on along the lines of AFF there, uh
also a Fed decision that's happens on
Wednesday. We're going to get some
inflation numbers out of Australia and
Philippines GDP as well. Uh so, lots to
look ahead to as well. Um obviously, you
know, we're seeing those opening remarks
here at AFF. The chief executive of Hong
Kong, John Lee, is making that keynote
speech here at at this the conference
here. Really the pitch continues to be,
you know, we're open for business and,
you know, we really want to promote
mainland companies heading abroad, going
overseas, and going global.
According to our annual survey, the
number of foreign
welcome back you're watching the China
show. Let's get to one of our top
stories today. So, China is
investigating its top general and polit
bureau member Jang Yosia for serious
disciplinary and legal violations. Let's
bring in John Leo, our Greater China
executive editor, joining us now to talk
us through what we know so far about
your story yet. John, what do we know?
>> Well, we don't know very much, David.
What we know is that over the weekend it
was announced that uh that the Jang Yong
Sha has been removed that he's being uh
investigated for serious uh uh breaches
of conduct. Uh we've had a commentary in
the PLA Daily which is published by the
People's Liberation Army uh accusing him
of trampling on among other things Xi
Jinping's uh ability to govern. Uh so
that's raised lots of questions about uh
what is going on in the background.
Chinese politics especially at the
senior level is very very opaque and so
this has come as a big surprise. No, no
one expected this and now everyone's
trying to figure out why and what does
it mean for the future
>> and it it certainly seems to leave the
decision-making body of the PLA a bit
more vulnerable now when you have that
top general now being investigated.
Where does that leave kind of succession
plans? I mean, it sounds like, you know,
John had a very deep relationship with
the president as well.
So this was this was a man who had a
close relationship with Xi Jinping.
Their families go back uh to the
revolutionary days. Their fathers fought
together. And so they were always seen
as being close allies. And so this this
is another reason why this move is so
surprising and so unexpected. The
military is run in China by the central
military commission. In 2022, after the
party congress at the end of that year,
the latest iteration of that committee
was announced with seven men. Right now,
only two of those men are still on that
committee. Everyone else has been
removed and is put under investigation.
The only two men remaining are one other
general and Xi Jinping himself. And so
that raises questions about uh the the
ability of she to govern. Does it show
that she is finding it hard to find
people he can trust? or does it show
that she really has an iron grasp over
power and he can remove people as he
sees fit? And so that's sort of the
question that everybody's trying to come
to grasp us grasp with and trying to
figure out which which of those two it
is.
>> We'll leave it there. John, thank you so
much. John Leo, our Greater China
executive editor with what we know and
what we understand perhaps of the
broader potential broader implications
of this. Um, let's just get to the FX in
focus. Certainly, given the the news out
in the weekend from the Japanese, it's
having really just effects across the FX
space today. Hence, we're looking at
this weaker dollar and hence the very
strong fix coming through out of the
PBOC on your screens. Market's not
reacting as you can see. This is though
in context the strongest fix going back
to May of 2023. And of course, late last
week is when we've breached that seven
handle to the downside on the fix for
the very first time since since that
point in time.
>> Yeah. brings a lot of the discussions
here on where where things stand when it
comes to currency and trade and when you
see the rift that seems to be widening
between the US and Canada, right? We
certainly saw some announcements as
President Trump threatened 100% tariffs
on Canadian goods to the US if Ottawa
makes a trade deal with China. For more,
let's bring in our chief Malaysia
correspondent, Stephen Engel. He joins
us, of course, in our studios. And where
do we stand now in the whole situation,
Steve?
Well, we had a barrage of social media
posts from President Trump. Uh, and
others, you know, in Canada have taken a
little bit more of a cautious and um not
necessarily inflammatory response. Uh
maybe they're thinking maybe this is
another taco example uh from Donald
Trump and that this is just uh basically
brinksmanship from the White House. But
again, it's quite alarming considering
how intertwined the two economies,
Canada and the United States are. and
they thought they had sort of uh come to
an understanding on that relationship,
the trade relationship when it as it
relates to auto parts, huge auto parts
industry in Canada that the US auto
factories rely on. Uh America is the big
purchaser of oil, also metals, also
fertilizers. So, it it it raises a lot
of questions about whether uh Trump is
serious here and whether he would follow
through on what he's saying would be a
100% tariff on all Canadian goods
exported to the United States. Donald
Trump in some of these post saying China
will eat Canada alive completely devour
including its destruction of their
business uh social fabric and general
way of life. He goes on to say, "If Mark
Carney thinks he's going to make Canada
a drop off port for Chinese goods into
the United States, he is sorely
mistaken." So again, uh the Canadians
have come out fairly measured response.
We had the uh Minister for Trade
Responsible for the United States, uh
Dominic Leblanc, essentially saying they
are not pursuing a so-called free trade
agreement with China. What Mark Carney
about 10 days ago or so in Beijing
signed were a couple of deal a few deals
to essentially what he says alleviate
the more pressing tariff issues like the
EV tariff uh which of course China
wanted to have repealed. It went from
100% to 6.1% for 49,000 Chinese electric
vehicles into Canada. Of course the
Trump administration uh wants that 100%
uh to remain. So they're in lock step
together, the two main economies in
North America also. But China
reciprocated by removing their 100%
tariff on rape seed or canola, a key
crop from Canada to China. So that's
what the Canadian position is right now.
We'll have to see though if the Trump
administration ups and persists with
their threats of 100% tariffs.
Steve, not that this should come, you
know, as a surprise, but we did also
hear the Treasury Secretary doubling
down on that threat from what did Scott
Besson say say exactly?
>> Yeah. Well, this is a fairly common um
pattern, if you will. Donald Trump will
make these comments on social media and
then Scott Bessant will make the rounds
of Sunday television programs, which he
did again. and he essentially is saying
now if if this goes beyond what is
already announced between China and
Canada, the United States will have the
right to essentially add more penalties
not only including tariffs not only on
Canada but on China as well. Let's
listen to Scott Bessent.
>> We have a highly integrated market uh
with Canada sometimes in autos which he
dropped the EV tariff I believe from
100% to 6%. the goods can cross across
the border during the manufacturing
process six times and we can't let
Canada become an opening that the
Chinese pour their their cheap goods
into the US.
>> Now, Besson also raised the prospect of
possibly renegotiating uh this summer
the US, Mexico, Canada uh trade
agreement uh but he did not elaborate on
whether these latest developments would
impact that. One would assume it
probably would. Meanwhile, Canada is not
holding back on making its overtures to
other economies. We have uh the energy
minister heading to India soon. We have
also Mark Carney expected to make a trip
to India at some point as well as
Australia in March.
>> Steve, thank you. Stephen Angel in our
Hong Kong studios for us and the latest
on that specific front. Here are some
other major stories from around the
world we're tracking uh this hour. Let's
uh get you guys updated on of course
certainly the events that you probably
have seen already in Minnesota. Uh
outrage is is is growing in the US. It's
after a border patrol agent shot and
killed uh a a man believed to be a US
citizen in Minneapolis on Saturday and
officials say the victim had no criminal
record. Uh Senate Democratic leader
Chuck Schumer has vowed to block a
massive spending package unless
Republicans strip funding uh for the
Department of Homeland Security. that
the move raises the risk of a for a
partial US government shutdown.
>> Some congressional Republicans are also
showing signs of wavering on Trump's
immigration crackdown. Andrew Garberino,
House Homeland Security panel, has
requested public testimony from top
immigration officials, while others are
calling for an investigation into the
shooting. And over 60 CEOs of Minnesota
based companies are calling for a
deescalation of tensions. The heads of
companies including Target and General
Mills were among the signitories of a
letter shared on Sunday. State and city
officials have repeated their calls for
federal agents to leave and demanded
that Minnesota's authorities take over
the investigation into the shooting.
Right. Uh, welcome back just under five
minutes of the opening bell this Monday
as we kickstart this fresh trading week
where the big story is really the
strength in the Japanese currency
leading to strength elsewhere. Really a
weak dollar and a really strong bid
coming across precious metals. What's
new anyway?
>> Yeah, continue to see gold around that
5,000 level. Maybe we're heading higher.
We'll see. But today it really is kind
of that uh rush to kind of buy Asia FX
given the dollar moves we've seen,
right? uh take a look when it comes to
stocks to watch here. So, we're watching
China Tech, Baba, Tensson, BU, and JD.
Just given some of these risk moves
we're seeing across equity markets, you
are seeing mostly higher at least uh for
some of these big tech plays here today.
JD is up about 1% here. Uh BU is heading
the opposite direction. Chip stocks as
well, we're watching some of these local
players, the alike. Uh certainly,
there's been a lot of optimism here at
AFF about the IPOs and what we've been
seeing. We're getting Morgan Stanley's
uh uh MS well I should say the agency
>> to tell us more about that. The open is
next. This is Boover.
Good morning. Welcome back. You're
watching the China Show counting down to
the open of markets this Monday. And as
you can see, we are catching a decent
bit across these markets. Keep in mind
the the backdrop specifically on Hong
Kong was that wobble uh in the afternoon
session on Friday following the
Bloomberg scoop of course that China
might be looking to tighten some of the
uh scrutiny over these IPOs coming here
to the city and we have really almost a
perfect line well the perfect line of
guests actually let me just unhitch that
coming through here um out of the AFF
and our coverage here to maybe help us
understand what really is going on as
far as that's concerned but that seems
to be put on the back burner with the
yen being there. Yeah, the yen certainly
just kind of catapulted to our top um
amidst this AFF coverage that we have.
We're bringing the China show of course
on the ground here at the convention
center. But yeah, when you're talking
about dollar yen at 154 levels, uh we
haven't seen that for for some few weeks
now given what we've been hearing,
right? These intervention risks that
we're hearing over the weekend as well,
you got to wonder what was discussed in
Davos between the finance minister of
Japan, Katyama, and Scott Besson. you
know, people are are interpring this as
maybe more than just a fluke, right?
That maybe we're seeing something more
coordinated between US and Japan.
>> It and it's something that it's it's one
of those times where we you're brushing
off that 101 on the steps to yen
intervention and yeah, you know, the US
will need to be on board of any sort of
direct intervention as far as that's
concerned. Uh we don't even have to get
to that point with for markets to
listen. And certainly markets are
listening at this point in time with as
you can see from 159 we're sub 155 right
now on Jalia. We're also seeing by the
way quite a a a sharp dip in uh the yen
against the Chinese currency against
other currencies which is leading cross
asset as far as this weaker dollar is
concerned against the rest of Asian FX.
But yes, that is a story in FX markets
and precious metals. Equities though are
somewhat unscathed with the exception of
what's happening in Japan.
>> Yes. Right. that that stronger yen is
certainly hurting some of the exporters
there and that's why we are seeing
Japanese markets in in negative
territory here this morning the Hong
Kong dashboards looking like this here
today certainly want to get Morgan
Stanley's Asia CEO Gokoya there in just
a few minutes tell us through you know
they ranked number one in terms of the
global league tables for IPOs last year
what he's seeing in terms of of course
the pipeline uh fees when it comes to of
course uh maybe the possible tightening
of course as Dave mentioned our scoop on
Friday when it comes to quality of these
deals Now HStech is on offer here today
just slightly. It seems like it's being
led by the likes of BU and Xiaomi here
today, but the rest of the big tech
players are still doing okay. Msei China
is up about a third of 1%. In terms of
individual movers, we're still tracking
the likes of PopMart. So that CEO
interview on Shinua on Friday seems to
have moved continue to move markets
here, right? So the CEO on saying
further growth for Laboo brand.
>> Oh no.
>> So yes, David's favorite topic. We're up
three and a half% for PopMart here and
continue to defy really. Uh people are
still trying to kind of short this stock
I think um despite the buybacks that
we've seen from this company of late
here. So so certainly maybe there is a
bit of a short squeeze to talk about as
well. Gold stocks are certainly still in
favor here just given what we've seen
5,000 when it comes to bully that was
hit. There's going to be a lot of talk
at AFF about the gold trading hub that
Hong Kong wants to achieve here and
really try to compete with the likes of
London which dominates when it comes to
of course the trading of bullion. So the
infrastructure, the capacity certainly
we did speak with Christopher Hay uh
financial services and Treasury
Secretary here about uh the 2,000 tons
capacity they're aiming for the next 3
years or so. But right now we're taking
a look at some of these local chip
stocks as well. They are falling
slightly here this morning, Dave. Okay,
we will take you straight back into the
main hall beside where we are, our set
here at the Asian Financial Forum where
the PBOC deputy governor Jolan is
speaking. Let's listen in.
>> Business sectors including equities,
bonds, currencies,
derivatives, and gold in terms of
capital market. Bond Connect has boosted
Hong Kong's influence. Now we have over
800 financial investors.
investing through bond connect. Um
the bond um position has increased to
over 810
billion R&B, a quarter of the total
holding of mainland bonds by
international institutions. In 2025, the
transaction volume was 9.7 trillion R&B,
60%
of the total transaction by
international institutions. At the same
time, mainland investors invested in
different foreign currencies through the
bond connect. Now, they have held over
1.2 trillion R&B.
In terms of equity market,
the connect programs have expanded its
size. Currently, mainland investors
have
had a position of over six trillion Hong
Kong dollars through stock connect and
international investors through the
market of Hong Kong have held over 2.5
trillion uh R&B of uh mainland uh Asure
uh stocks.
In terms of currency market, rile
programs have uh boosted the appeal of
Hong Kong's market. In February and
October of 2025, PBOC and Hong Kong
monetary authority have worked together
to promote the offshore ripple and
crossber business using R&B bond. Now we
have uh 34 international institutions
involving in the repo program amounting
to 119 billion R&B. 46 uh inter
international institutions have started
their crossborder uh repo business worth
150 billion R&B. In terms of derivatives
market, Hong Kong has u been
increasingly important market. 87
international institutional investors
have started a currency swamp business.
The transaction exceeded 9.9 trillion
R&B. In terms of gold market, Hong Kong
gold exchange set up the Hong Kong
delivery uh market and the launching of
relevant contracts giving more options
to investors in offshore asset
allocation in R&B. With increasing use
of R&B in crossber transactions,
R&B as a financing and currency reserve
uh vehicle uh have seen much more
appeal. R&B has been the second largest
trade financing currency and the third
largest payment currency in the world
and it's ranked the third in um a basket
of currencies in um special drawing
rights of uh uh the IMF.
PBC is working closely with HKMA
in building the uh mechanisms like
international R&B settlement bank and uh
currency swamp systems and we have a
regularly issued um bank notes issued in
R&B in Hong Kong. Hong Kong has already
been the largest offshore R&B business
hub in the world. Now, the PBC is poised
to advance Hong Kong's role in building
an offshore R&B market. We will also
increase the volume of R&B liquidity,
offering more support to the offshore
market in Hong Kong. In October 2025,
Hong Kong monetary authority will
upgrade it uh its liquidity tool uh to a
regular arrangement mechanisms with a
total size of 100 billion R&B. We will
expand the support scope of liquidities
and facilitate its use. We have received
a very good feedback from the market to
better support the market need. HKMA
will increase the facility to over 200
billion R&B. At the same time, to
support Hong Kong's role as an
international R&B settlement center
through different ways, we will acquire
liquidity in R&B with different
durations from the mainland market. So,
we can increase the liquidity of Hong
Kong um on Hong Kong's offshore um R&B.
Uh secondly, we will continue to expand
the connection uh and collaboration
between uh the two international
markets.
We will offer more uh risk mitigation
tools and we will uh improve on bond
connect and swamp connect among other uh
mechanisms. We will also explore the
launching of R&B treasury futures in
Hong Kong. And we will explore the
possibility of using R&B bonds as an
eligible uh
liquidity and pledge for offshore market
and we will advance the mutual
recognition of infrastructure crossber.
Thirdly,
we will offer more offshore R&B treasury
products to increase market liquidity to
meet the need of international investors
for highquality R&B assets. PBOC will
work with other government institutions
in increasing the annual quota for
offshore R&B treasury and we will
improve on the market making system for
offshore market so we can offer a better
pricing capability by R&B. Fourthly, we
will support the development of Hong
Kong's gold market increasing the appeal
of Hong Kong's offshore R&B market. We
were very pleased to witness the signing
of uh cooperation agreements between
Hong Kong's uh financial and treasury
services bureau and Hong Kong um
and Shanghai gold exchange. We will
through different ways support Hong Kong
in building itself into an international
gold exchange center to strengthen its
connection with international gold
market. Hong Kong has the banking of the
motherland has connection of the world.
It has an important advantage and an
important role. PPC will implement the
instructions from the uh CBC central
committee and the state council in
deepening the pragmatic cooperation with
Hong Kong so we can support Hong Kong in
its stable development amid changes and
in this new era with challenges and
opportunities will uh win together. Um,
I would also like to take this
opportunity to thank everyone for your
support to China's international uh
financial market. In the end, I wish the
firm every success and I wish Hong Kong
better progress in building itself into
a better international financial center.
Thank you.
>> Thank you.
>> Thank you very much to Mr. so for
speaking to us about the gold uh
collaboration.
>> What about you guys?
>> I would now like to invite Mr.
Christopher Qui, Secretary for Financial
Services and the Treasury of the Hong
Kong Special Administrative Region
Government to come for your shirt.
>> All right. You were just listening to
the PBC deputy governor Jolan there
speaking at the AFF here in Hong Kong
and really kind of talking about what
Hong Kong has really carved out for
itself, right? a super connector, a way
to really kind of promote crossber
investment between the mainland and Hong
Kong. And he talked about some ways to
do that, right? To boost liquidity for
the remnant here in the city. Also, uh
when it comes to the bond market, right,
to improve the bond connect and swap
connect. So maybe we'll hear some news
here this week too as well
>> on top of the the actual deal that we're
expecting to be signed of course this
week on gold, right? and the crossber
clearing uh mechanism that will be
shared I believe by Christopher Hay who
joined us earlier in show. So really in
terms of just Hong Kong opening up, it's
further avenues as a hub here and
certainly it's a a conversation we'll
continue to have here. But yeah, um on
top of that, obviously we've started the
year very hot as far as the IPO market's
concerned. You were keeping count. I had
been able to keep count
>> on what $4 billion already raised this
year.
>> Was it 37 billion I believe last year
some?
>> Well, made number one once again in
terms of global IPOs. Um so certainly
Morgan Stanley was the top in terms of
really being in the league table. So
certainly we have more coming up from
the AFF there where the Asia CEO is
going to be joining us to discuss of
course the pipeline here in the region.
That's next. This is Boom Bird.
You're watching the China show. David
and Ivon just having a few technical
difficulties. But in the meantime, Hong
Kong is planning to launch a gold
futures contract. That's as part of
efforts to advance the city's gold hub
ambitions. Its financial services
secretary, Christopher Quay, spoke to us
earlier on Hong Kong's priorities.
>> We are focusing on 3G. I would say no
priorities. Number one is growing the
competitiveness of our market including
on the capital side and also the asset
management side. On the capital market
side, we're going to review our listing
rules including the arrangement right
now for the listing of waiter voting
right companies and at the same time we
are going to bring the clearing cycle of
our stock market from T plus two
currency to P plus one and get the
market ready for that. And on the asset
management side um we are going to
enhance our current tax concession for
funds and also fan offices to include
digital asset, private credit and also
carbon credit. So this something that
already we are consulting the market and
another thing that we're working on on
SM wealth management is on the corporate
level in terms of reviewing our current
laws applicable to the corporate
treasury centers. So all these are
grouped under the first G I would say
growing the competitiveness of our own
market. The second G I would say is
about gold because I think gold right
now is really a topic for everyone
globally and regionally and we are going
to sign an agreement with the Shanghai
gold exchange later on at this forum to
highlight the fact that we are
cooperating with them to set up a
government-owned clearing house in Hong
Kong for OTC gold contracts. And the
third G that I would like to cover is
about helping Chinese companies going
global because after all as you can see
the immense competitiveness and also
productivity of Chinese companies in
fact is getting a lot of credibility
regionally globally and Hong Kong being
a professional service center not just
financing but even legal accounting and
others basically is a perfect platform
to help these companies going global
>> I mean it's been so strong even just the
start of the year right 11 IPOs I think
they've raised already $4 billion just
to January weeks of of this year. Um,
you know, you you mentioned about
finding the right companies to list. Our
sources are hearing that from the CSRC
and regulators are a bit concerned over
the deal quality of some of these
mainland companies listing here in Hong
Kong. What have you heard so far any
signs if any of tightening?
>> I think as you said uh we are yet to
finish January. We already have 11
listings so far this year and also we
have a very strong pipeline of more than
350 companies are waiting. So if you
look at the figures basically like the
last year compared the year before last
in terms of number of uh new listings we
have almost like 70% increase but in
terms of IPO proceeds we actually see a
almost two times increase. So you can
see that the companies that seeking this
in Hong Kong are getting bigger and also
the offerings are also bigger as well.
So on that front uh we have been seeing
a strong pipeline as I highlighted and
also we have been maintaining constant
dialogue with our counterparts in the
mainland to make sure that Hong Kong is
the right platform to serve both
mainland companies as global companies
to list and also seek financing.
That was Hong Kong Secretary for
Financial Services in the Treasury
Christopher Hay speaking with us
earlier. And if you're a subscriber and
you want to rewatch that interview, you
can of course via our interactive TV
function TV go. You can also become part
of the conversation by sending us
instant messages. So do check it out at
TV go. We'll have more ahead. This is
the China show.
You're watching the China show live at
the Asian Financial Forum in Hong Kong.
And I think we've been talking about
just how optimistic everyone has been
here when it comes to the IPO pipeline,
the like. Here, uh, someone that has
really kind of seen it all, the whole
wave that we saw last year was Morgan
Stanley. Uh, the Asia CEO of course,
Goka joins us here exclusively on the
China show. Oh, Google, it's great to
have you back on the program. Um, you
you set a pretty interesting sort of
goal, right? Uh, last year about 10
billion in revenue uh within 5 years.
You were pretty close to kind of hitting
it basically last year and maybe kind of
moving that uh goal much sooner than
expected. In terms of the deal flow in
M&A and IPOs, how sustain sustainable do
you think it is?
>> Look, it's been a uh well, first, thank
you for having me. Uh, appreciate it. Um
it's uh it's been a really uh robust
environment uh capital markets, M&A, uh
the wealth management business, um and
even geographically. So, China's been
super strong, Hong Kong, China, Japan's
been busy, uh India's been busy, and
then the rest of the region, Taiwan,
Korea, just given what's happening in
the world with the AI dynamic, uh these
are uh direct beneficiaries of that
underlying thematic, which is a really
powerful one. So, um business has been
busy, business has been good. We're not
changing any goals, but uh we're close.
>> Yeah. Yeah, you're very close. Well, I
guess to the point you just made there,
do you think we're just scratching the
surface on this this AI fundraising
extravaganza? Like what are you seeing
as far as your clients and how your
conversations across the region?
>> I mean, look, it's um it's a powerful
it's a powerful fanatic, right? and um
the infrastructure needed to actually
create um uh the platform for um full
realization um and and you know the
perspectives are a little different
depending on which part of the world you
look at the investment that's happening
in the US far greater than the
investment that's happening anywhere
else in the world but if you think about
it globally I think the point you
mentioned about scratching the surface
is a good one um if you think about it
in China too um the thematics that are
emerging you know AI infrastructure AI
adoption
localization of the semiconductor supply
chain. Um we're just at the very be
industrial automation, robotics,
humanoids, etc. We're just at the
beginning of this. So, um I'm excited
about it. Um our investors are excited
about it. Our bankers are excited about
it. So, um you know, usually when you
get too excited about things, they don't
quite work out that way. So, is there a
risk? Absolutely there's a risk. And but
to me, that's um that's not different
from what we've seen in the past.
Whenever you have technologies that
revolutionize you know at the risk of
being a little bit uh dramatic that
revolutionize the world you know there
will be some misallocation of capital
there will be overinvestment uh but
broadly I think we're on to something
over here
>> is that over invest are is that likely
going to be in the debt markets because
we saw a lot of you know in the US at
least a lot of issuance and a lot of uh
you know financing there when it comes
to AI how are you seeing that play out
in Asia in terms of AI financing now
>> I mean the levels of invest ment as I
mentioned earlier in this part of the
world meaningfully less than what's
happening in the US and I think that's a
different approach to what you need to
build and how you need to build it and
what capacity you need to have um at
this point it's a little unclear as to
who's right uh we'll figure that out but
um uh so there's by definition um less
of a chance that there's misallocation
over here because there hasn't been that
much investment um but uh you know what
excites me about this whole thing is
that you know we've done some math And
this is obviously theoretical at this
point, but if AI plays out the way it's
going to play out just for S&P 500,
there's approximately a trillion dollars
of efficiency, whether that's through
enhanced revenues or savings and costs.
And then if you capitalize that
expansion in margins, the value creation
is pretty dramatic. So yes, uh there's
been a lot of chatter about this $3
trillion spend number, but if you
capitalize the savings, the returns are
well and truly spectacular. Now, uh I
don't think it's going to be linear and
that is going to continue to sort of get
better better. There'll be ups and
downs, but um I just think about Morgan
Stanley and how we're thinking about it.
And when I look back to front, the use
cases and the impact these use cases can
have on our business. Pretty exciting.
>> I want to ask you too, speaking of
deals, you guys the league tables last
year, I think globally and even the Asia
Pacific. So, what's what's what are you
seeing early in 2026 as far as equity
pipeline is concerned? So in Asia and
China, China's obviously China and India
are the two big markets for the IPO
pipeline. Last year, Hong Kong obviously
was incredibly exciting. You know, close
to $40 billion. Uh we haven't seen that
in a while. And if you think about where
that came from, it's really these
thematics. Biotech. Um the innovation is
is is actually world class. Um
industrial automation, we spoke about
AI, um you know, the metals and mining
space obviously really really hot right
now. So it's a continuation of that. So
there's going to be more of that. Um
there's going to be more in India and
then Japan's getting increasingly busy.
So the three big economies in the world
and obviously in Asia uh all um have
some exciting stuff going on
>> there. There's been a clear sort of fee
compression among investment banks and
you know you guys advised on the CL
listing which was known to have low fees
amidst this kind of competition
domestically with Chinese brokerages. Do
you see this as sort of a new norm in
some ways?
>> I mean, look, the truth is it's been
happening for a while. Um, and um, it's
u, it's a it's it's it's it's a part of
our business that we don't like, but
it's the reality of life, but it's but
it's kind of stabilizing. We haven't
seen dramatic decompression um, um, over
the last couple of years. I mean, it's
been happening consistently. I think
we're at a point now where um, we're
going to stabilize.
>> Okay. Do you think we've hit a bottom?
>> I think so. I think so. I mean, I say
that and it'll probably go down again,
but um I think we're close.
>> Okay. And are you noticing that? Just
the nuance there. Are you noticing that?
Is it across the board or is it down to
specific deals? Not we'll get into
specific deals, but I wonder if we're
making I think it's more systemic, but
um but it's at a level which uh is still
pretty constructive for us. Otherwise,
we wouldn't be in the business.
>> Right.
>> A good problem to have. I think if you
think about things have come alive in
terms of volume, right? Right. And I
think we were talking during the break.
We had this report on Friday, you know,
China is mulling based on our reporting
tightening some rules over uh listings
here here specifically in Hong Kong.
Have you have you heard anything along
those lines? What do you think that's
about?
>> Yeah, I mean look, you're right about
volume. Volume is and we spoke about it
a little bit. volume is is is quite
robust and um the expectation is that
that continues and if you think about
the number of companies and certainly
sticking to China for a second the
number of companies in China that want
to come and list in Hong Kong is at
record levels so um uh the what you're
referring to is probably in part an
issue of capacity uh capacity for
everyone regulators other intermediaries
and I think um it's it's good discipline
to slow things down a little bit just to
make sure um that quality
uh is not compromised because Hong Kong
in particular very focused on that and
uh I think both the Chinese regulator
and the Hong Kong regulator super
focused on that. So I think it's it's
more that than anything else. I don't
think there's any change of direction in
terms of the best Chinese companies that
have global ambition come and list in
Hong Kong and Hong Kong being the
financial center for Chinese companies
looking to go global. That hasn't
changed. Okay. I think the
administration just wants um um good
companies to come and um the
intermediaries that work with those
companies need to sort of check all the
boxes.
>> Uh just looking broadly here in terms of
the trading business, how how's that
shaping up? I mean, we we started 2026
with with the Trump administration's
second year, very different from the
first. How how are investors positioning
around these policies now?
>> I mean, look, the um volume, if you just
think about volume as a barometer, um
it's uh It's higher than it's been in a
very long time. You think about China
for the first couple of weeks of the
year. Um uh volume traded in the Asia
market has been at record levels. I mean
last week was just uh incredible volumes
and and I think part of what's happening
is global to your point but part of
what's happening in local. So when I say
that um in China there is a move out of
bank deposits and the bond market just
because the yields are low and dividend
yields on the Chinese market is higher
than actually either one of the bond
yields or the fixed deposit returns. So
you're seeing a reallocation of the
savings and this happened in India some
time ago and Japan's trying to
orchestrate that too with the return of
inflation. So when when when these
volumes come into the market um you know
they add up and and it's a it's a pretty
good environment and then on top of that
you've obviously got the geopolitics and
the volatility associated with the
geopolitics and um that's um um that
adds to the mix. So it's really a global
local combination
>> right and I mean you mentioned there are
specific Asia stories that are adding
simply positive Asia stories right
whether that's the Japan side India side
which hopefully will come back even
further the China side and I wonder from
a capacity standpoint any Bloomberg
interview with the bulge bracket won't
be complete without me asking about
headcount
>> so what are your plans around headcount
whether or not you're happy with your
capacity
>> so two things one um we've got a pretty
um well sort of built card footprint.
But if this volume trend continues,
headcount's going to grow. There's no
question. And notwithstanding,
technology now, uh, allows us to do a
lot more with the same number of heads.
There's no question. I mean, when I'm
trading, um, you know, if stock connect,
you know, we were trading 510 billion a
day, now we're trading 1520 billion a
day. Um, that does not require me to put
more heads. um that I just invest in the
plant and I invest in technology and
that allows me to scale the business
dramatically. But um the wealth
management business is growing, the IPO
business is growing, the M&A business is
growing, that requires heads to
prosecute. So you know to the extent
that this trend continues, I think we're
going to continue to build the footprint
of it.
>> Okay. In terms of roles though, what do
you think is still what what what you
need in in this region here?
>> Look, we um we love our wealth business
in the region. Um, so if you have any
financial advisors that want to come and
join us, please let me know. So we're
looking the resume.
>> Yeah. Yeah, we got the win for whatever
reason.
>> Yeah, we're looking to build that out.
Obviously, uh, capital markets
professionals um, we're looking to build
that out. Um, we're looking to build our
commodities business in Asia out. So
there's there's uh areas where um you
know for us uh markets become
interesting uh if they have scale and
there's a bunch of markets in Asia that
have scale but also as they deregulate
and you can do more. So as we can do
more we look to fill those footprint
gaps with uh quality uh u talent.
>> Yeah. Can I ask you about Japan that you
have a long-standing partner there of
course in Japan. Are you h are you happy
with that footprint because that
market's really come back arguably in a
bigger way in a bigger scale than where
we are as far as the greater Chinese
market is concerned. Right.
>> Well, you've heard uh Ted speak about
it. I mean our partnership with MUFG is
is special and it's something that we um
seriously value and you know we've been
partners with them now for almost two
decades and um with uh everything that's
going on in Japan both as a ret return
to inflation and nominal GDP growth but
also corporate reform matter um that uh
footprint and that platform I think is
very differentiated so it allows us to
do more uh it's complimentary in terms
of their footprint and our product
skills. Um, and uh, uh, the intent is to
continue to grow that. And as you know,
we're doing more with that. We've
brought together our equities practice.
We've brought together our FX practice.
We're going to get into power trading.
Um, so um, again, as we can do more
there, uh, that partnership is very
special and unique actually.
>> What is your overview view of the
volatility that we've seen across JGBs
and and again, I mean, there's talk of
maybe even possible coordinated
intervention from the US and Japan. Is
this sort of just, you know, real
concerns on fiscal sustainability, you
think, or is it just kind of an economy
that's really just reflating and exiting
out of decades of stackflation that, you
know, investors really have to really
contend with now?
>> Yeah, that's a great question. I think
it's a ladder. My own view, look, we're
not concerned about um fiscal
sustainability in Japan. I mean, the
deficit is not that big. Um they've
delevered substantially over the last
several years. Um this was much more um
you know, who's buying the long end. uh
where Japanese insurers and by the way
Japanese debt is mostly owned by
Japanese domestic institutions but they
buy uh 10 to 30 they don't buy 40 uh so
there's not a lot of liquidity at that
part of the curve and that caused the
move and obviously that creates
nervousness but um um I think it was an
idiosyncratic event we may see um some
volatility associated with this over
time but um we're not concerned about
Japanese fiscal um and um you know as
you point out it's an economy that's
reflating
Um some of it is political in terms of
the deficit expansion but that's
happening in almost every part of the
world right now. Yeah.
>> Cool. Thank you for spending some time
with us this morning. We'll speak to you
again and we'll send you the CVS if we
get we we'll see let's see depending on
the quality. Say hi to your team for us
of course.
>> Thank you guys. Thank you very much.
>> Google there of course chief executive
officer for the Asia Pacific at at
Morganstead.
>> Yeah. Our coverage of the Asian
Financial Forum continues throughout the
morning. Of course, the next hour
discussing investment strategy with
federated Hermes and later going to be
here from the CEO of the World Gold
Council and Blackstone Private Wealth
Apac head Ed Hang. This is Bloomberg.
>> Okay. Uh just very quickly, we're
looking at uh just markets, the state of
markets right now. And yeah, that's well
you might have heard us thank of course
Morgan Stanio of course
>> being diplomatic polite and being being
a nice person. It's it's it's part it's
a good thing we didn't talk about that.
I'm kidding. Okay, let's let's have a
look at the Japanese. I mean we ended
really the conversation really on the
Japanese currency and the strength we
are seeing there in that specific
market. I believe we are if not at
session lows if not very close to it at
on the lower end of 154. Asian FX dollar
weakness across the board. the ringit,
the Singapore dollar. You probably saw
the headline across your screens earlier
on. You have the South Korean currency
and also what you have as far as the
Taiwan currency is concerned. And the
broader read across equity markets is I
think this one is fairly nuanced where
you really are seeing the effects of a
stronger yen in the equity market. And
as you can see, that really is the stand
out to the downside. Uh which seems
oxymoronic, but that that that's
certainly the state of play. Asia
Pacific, they were up 4/10 of 1% on the
benchmark. uh basis. Okay, let's u talk
about Japan in greater detail. You had
the speculation of course of whether
officials there will intervene to prop
up the yan leaders from both ruling and
opposition parties are set to face off
in a debate later today. Now this really
comes ahead of a snap election slated
for
that's folks that's within the next twoe
window. Let's bring in our our team
here. Senior Japan economist Taro Kimura
and Tokyo economy and government
reporter Erica Yokoyama. Charo, let me
start with you. Given the news flow on
the weekend, top of mind for you as you
walked into the office this morning,
what do investors need to understand?
>> Um, at least investors needs to
understand it's uh really a significant
uh development when it comes to uh US
Japan uh um lock step on watching the
dollar yen rates. Of course, uh you can
argue it's not as much as the Plaza
Accord back in 1985,
but I I I would say it's like it's a
movement that we haven't seen since
1985, you know. Um um it seems to my
eyes that they haven't actually
intervened, but uh it's they did
something like a rate checks. There's no
confirmation. It's just my view. And um
it's a it's a it's a step just before
they are actually trading the
currencies. So my argument is um um the
countries those countries collaborate to
intervene to FX market uh recent uh in
the past history only when it's crisis
and it's of course there's a JGB jolt
but it's it's not Japan's crisis. I
think the in the big picture Japan
surgeon guild is in my view it's a
healthier momentum that the Japan's
recovering the nominal growth and um so
that's why um um the just uh uh US Japan
authorities are uh sort of stepping in
modestly and show that you know they are
watching the the the speculative move
carefully and then we can intervene uh
uh we can make a historic move when it's
necessary it's a sort of big policy
signal currency policy signal for uh
currency from currency authorities.
>> So Taro, can can we call this kind of
the the new plaza accord? Have we
reached a top when it comes to dollar
yen? Now
>> of course we can argue many in many
forms, but I think it's a significant
I'm super surprised actually by uh the
rumor that the New York Fed is
intervening. I I haven't seen it in my
career. It seems that they actually
intervene to uh buy the yen in 1998 but
at that moment Japan had a domestic
financial crisis coincided with Asian
currency crisis. So so they were in uh
crisis mode but borrowing from those
situation we weren't able to imagine
those collaboration could happen in this
uh sort of non-crisis circumstances.
Erica, let me let me bring you in and
let's let's look ahead to this specific
debate. What do we need to be paying
attention to there later today?
>> Mhm. We do have the party leaders policy
debate as the the Japan enters the snap
election scheduled for February 8th and
there are multiple talking points but
the main forecast should be clearly the
cost of living especially the proposed
sales tax cut. And we had the latest CPI
figure for the nation on Friday which
showed the key gauges stayed over well
over the BOJ's 2% target even after
Takahuchi's sum measure was implemented
and real wages having fallen for almost
a year. So public frustration has been
still pretty strong and most party
including the LDP are now proposing some
form of the sales tax cut. But the
latest polls actually suggest that so
far consumption tax cuts are not well
received by the public with over 50%
saying there are not effective measure
to ease prices. So the LDP and other
party leaders need to convince borders
by providing more details on in it its
impact. But at the same time, of course,
they have to be really careful not to
sound too expansionally after the
proposal caused JGB market meltdown last
week.
>> Yeah, I I mean given the volatility
we've seen in yields, Erica, how
concerned do you think the government is
on the JGB market now?
>> I actually think the governments are
really concerned and now trying to calm
the market. It's even prompted the
warning from the US Treasury Secretary
Scott Bessent last week. He said the
Japan's bond turmoil had spilled over
the US market as well. Since then,
finance minister Hatski Katayyama
emphasized that consumption tax cuts are
going to be just temporarily and only on
food and the funding would come from
non- tax revenue or some spending
reform, not a new bond issuance. and
Takai herself also issued real warnings
to the market in the policy debate
yesterday. So so far the market seems
slightly have calmed down but volatility
is likely persist so careful messaging
from the authority is pretty much
important going forward this week
>> team thank you so much fantastic Erica
Erica Yokoyama there uh and our senior
Japan economist Harukimura joining us
out of Tokyo if there is any reminder
that Japan's going to be it's going to
be a big week in Japan we got it a few
hours ago and we'll continue to unpack
that market reaction throughout the
course of this today and the trading
week ahead. Right. Coming up ahead here
on the show, Goldman Sachs, private
wealth management ahead. Uh joining us
telling her really well telling us what
the the wealthy clients of the bank are
their preferences given of course all
these things going on plus this
continued push up in precious metals and
alternatives. That's ahead. This is
Mumb.
All right, massive move in the yen
today. And as you can see in the last
few minutes or so, we touched session
lows in dollar yen. Call that a 1% move
in the Japanese currency, which
obviously we don't see every day, but
these are not normal times given uh the
moves we did see on the weekend.
following this. It's also there's
stories across this whole flurry of
Asian FX today.
>> Yeah, we saw first with the Malaysian
ringit and now we have another headline
crossing the terminal when it comes to
sing dollar extending that gain here to
now the highest we've seen for the
currency since 2014. So the broad sort
of move is of course a weaker dollar
across Asia FX here today. You got to
wonder right what's going to be the line
in the sand now? And I think you heard
from the likes of State Street, Masahiku
162. That could be the line in the sand
for the market here because historically
when you look at what the MOF does when
they are doing rate checks he says that
is a precursor to action. So if they
fail to follow through that might add to
more speculation on this market here. So
certainly we'll see if we see any sort
of follow through come through here. And
that's where things in some ways
ironically become tricky because when
you do get direct intervention in the
markets, you will rarely hear from
authorities actually admit that they
intervene in the markets. But you
normally
>> you won't know until
>> until the data comes out and then you
can extrapolate based on what the BOJ's
holdings are. Uh I can also tell you
right now about 15 minutes to the close
of the cash markets for the morning
session because of the strength in the
in the Japanese currency, the nicke uh
is now pushing towards session lows.
We're nearing 2% to the downside. We
opened about 2% lower, but since that
point in time have reversed, but now are
now testing the lows for the session.
We'll continue to track this, of course,
going into uh the lunch break.
>> Yeah, plenty to talk about when it comes
to uh not just what's happening here at
the Asian Financial Forum, but there's
also Goldman Sachs's global macro
conference that gets underway here in
the city tomorrow. Right. Our next guest
is in town for the event, managing
nearly $2 trillion for the firm's ultra
high net worth franchise. and she's
standing by with our chief Malaysia
correspondent, Stephen Engel. Steve,
>> yes, she's not here only for that event.
Also, the private wealth management
investor conference, another event as
well, and uh dinners as well. It's going
to be very busy for our next guest.
Let's bring in Mina Flynn, co-head of
global private wealth management,
Goldman Sachs, as well as co-head of One
Goldman Sachs.
>> Thank you, Stephen.
>> Thanks for coming in this morning. So,
what's overwhelmingly going to be the
main question you're going to be
fielding from those private wealth uh or
high ultra wealth uh net worth
individuals when you meet with them
today, this afternoon, and tomorrow?
>> Yeah, I think the number one question on
people's minds right now is do I
continue investing in markets right now?
How do I think about valuations?
And you know what we gear our clients to
really focus on? Um and it's really the
first thing that we do with our clients
is portfolio construction. Our clients
come to us wealthy. They want to stay
wealthy and they want to grow their
wealth so that they can and they really
take this multi-generational approach
and we help them to implement that by
one like I said focusing on portfolio
construction and then thinking through
what are really unique ways that they
can implement that in both private and
public markets. And so that portfolio
construction that irrespective of the
volatility that takes place in the
markets and you know the questions that
we're getting really keeps them grounded
and allows them to stay the course with
the main goal of again preserving wealth
and beating outflation as well as really
being able to take advantage of
dislocations and and actually add during
periods like that. So what is the answer
to the question whether bubbles are
forming whether risks are forming uh
into this new year because we've had one
heck of a run with the mag 7 and beyond
in the public markets. Yeah, we we
definitely have had a significant run.
And to your question on a on a bubble, I
think the number one question we get
from clients is really
>> how do we think about investing with
valuations where they are right here.
And to put a finer point on that,
valuations have been in the 10th decile
since December of 2016.
>> Since that time, the S&P has returned
over 200%.
So valuation matters. And when you're
starting at a high place, you have to
have a much higher greater probability
that you're going to get a draw down. We
think that there's an 80% probability
we're going to get a 10% draw down. We
want to be able to react to that
opportunistically,
but it's not the main driver of Ford
equity returns. The main driver of Ford
equity returns is S&P earnings growth.
So how important is it then to go beyond
the max 7 and see a broadening out and
the broadening out of those uh
profitability as well?
>> I think it's really important and it's
actually what we're seeing we saw over
the last four months we're seeing year
to date is you're really seeing the
equal weight of the S&P um as well as
the Russell 3000 outperforming the S&P
500. And so the MAG7 are doing fine,
right? They've still got earnings growth
that is 20% plus. They've got ROEs of
60%. So they're able to heavily invest
in their business, protect their moes,
they've got the scale to continue to
reinvest. That being said, what you're
getting from the other 493 is a
significant pickup in earnings, almost a
double of earnings this year to go from
7% to 12%. So what we are expecting is
that you will get more of that
broadening out whether that's coming
from very healthy consumers, corporate
balance sheet, some of the um items out
of the one big beautiful bill that are
going to really keep propelling uh the
spending. How much does I would guess a
lot geopolitics right now play into
maybe the risk appetite of these high
netw worth individuals and also if we
could pivot to this part of the world uh
the family offices that are are looking
for diversification but also a little
bit worried about a lot of the noise
that's out there.
>> Yeah. And and that's the thing is that
we know that there's these risks whether
geopolitical or otherwise. We don't know
how much they're going to materialize,
to what extent, as well as when they're
going to happen, which is why again we
ground ourselves on having portfolios
that can withstand whatever might come
our way.
What are your where are your efforts um
focused on for those family offices
because we're also right now in a
generational shift uh whether it's first
to second or second to third. Maybe the
new generation have different risk
profiles.
>> Yes. Um, so to your point, we are in the
middle of a significant wealth transfer.
And what that looks like within families
right now is that the wealth is first
transitioning horizontally, usually from
patriarch to matriarch given the
different lifespans and then second to
the adult children. Many times when the
primary decision maker from a financial
perspective changes their goals, their
objectives, their risk tolerances change
and so we are seeing more interest in
alternative investments as well as
thematic investing. So what are the
structural themes that are really going
to outperform over the next 5 10 years.
So whether that's robotics, cyber,
defense, healthcare innovation, of
course AI. So we make sure our clients
have exposure to trends like that. Um,
and then these clients are also looking
for a more digital and seamless approach
and one that's really coordinated across
their advisors, whether that be tax,
legal, investment advisor, and we look
to play that quarterback role for them.
>> I did see an October survey of your
clients found that 58% of the family
offices expect to be overweight
portfolios to tech in the next 12
months. Is given what you just said, 58%
is that under expectations or is that
about what you would expect given the
returns we've seen in the AI space?
Yeah. So the beautiful thing is that we
have in our clients portfolios roughly
about 70% of an allocation to risk
assets. Within those risk assets, 25% is
to private investments. A lot of the
exposure that our clients has, whether
that's to technology or other high
growth opportunities, comes in those
private areas. And that's where, you
know, quite frankly, there's a ton of
value creation because these companies
are staying private longer. as well as
the fact that they're they're not going
public for multiple years. And so we
look to have exposure for our clients
whether it's tech to technology or
otherwise both in private and public.
>> How about alternatives? Gold, spot gold
just hit $5,000 an ounce right now.
Gold, crypto, we can touch on a number
of different ones.
>> Yes. And so gold um and to some degree
crypto is something that our clients
look to more as a um safe haven from a
political disruption perspective or to
the extent that they're worried about a
dollar debasement. Uh gold really is
benefiting from the fact that central
banks are starting to diversify their
reserves as well as that the Fed has
been cutting interest rates. So the
opportunity cost of holding gold is not
as significant as it once was. So, what
is the your top piece of advice to them
who come to you and say $5,000 an ounce
right now? It's been a, you know, a
one-way trend of late. Do you build up
your positions in gold?
>> I wouldn't be building up our positions
in gold. I would actually really be
looking to continue to build a
diversified portfolio. And the main
reason why is because if you think about
how much does it take to get gold out of
the ground? What is the true value of
gold? And yes, it is a gauge of fear
that investors go to um in terms of when
they are worried. But the cost of mining
versus where it's trading right now,
there is a big difference there from a
valuation perspective. So completely
appreciate why clients want to have an
allocation there. But again, we're
recommending that our clients and our
entire portfolio stay invested and they
continue to invest over a six to 18month
time period.
>> What's your top view then on the China
market? I mean we we've had seen for
quite a few years this outbound trend uh
where the high netw worth individuals
maybe they were too exposed to property
which is a big part of the Chinese
economy uh they looking to diversify but
also we've seen some strength in ashares
>> yes um you know they I would say
investors are really um optimistic or
excited about the innovation in China in
technology and in areas like biotech we
were coming off very low valuations and
so that you know the innovation coupled
with um the valuations did uh provide
for a good amount of upside to the
market for that to continue for these
investors globally we do think that you
need to see earnings growth and that's
predominantly what we are looking for
I've been coming to the region for the
last 15 years and I would say over the
last 15 years we have seen our Asian
clients focus really on global
diversification that does not mean that
they don't have exposure to their home
markets and a lot of exposure to their
home markets but they're focused on
global diversification of equities, but
also whether it's in alternatives and
even in credit and being more
comfortable with taking maybe less
returns for less volatility.
>> All right, Mina, thanks so much for
joining us here. Uh Dave, I'm going to
send it back to you. Of course, we have
a number of different events. We'll be
there at Goldman Sachs conference uh
tomorrow with a number of very top
guests. Dave,
>> absolutely. Yeah, we're uh tra trading
places. There we go. With Steve, of
course, uh he'll be he'll be out and
about, of course, as we hunker down back
into our studios. Well, we'll see. We'll
see. We'll we'll we'll keep some things
um uh uncertain at this point in time.
Okay. Uh we'll well, we have a lot of
guests coming through as well. Of
course, you can tune in, of course, for
specific coverage out of the Goldman
Conference, the global macro conference
in Hong Kong tomorrow. And Steve has a
fantastic line of guests coming through,
including, of course, the CEO of the
bank, David Solomon, will be joining us
at the times. uh on your screens. Now,
here's the thing. If you are traveling
to Japan, you did not change your money
at the airport, are on board, and are
landing now to find the exchange rate
completely what you didn't expect. Well,
that's uh what the term in man is,
right? I regret
>> a little bit of regret. Regret in
Japanese. I don't know. Someone can tell
us what that word is, but certainly
there's going to be a lot of questions,
right? you're starting to see that, you
know, it is basically the yen
strengthening across most if not all
major currencies here this morning. Uh
we are just talking about some of the
lines that crossing here when it comes
to Taiwan dollar as well. Um obviously
they are watching very closely some of
these FX moves. No near-term use of FX
reserves. That's the latest from Taiwan.
Uh just given what we've been seeing,
right? Dollar weaker across the board
here. You are seeing some multi-year
highs for Asia FX here this morning.
like like the sing dollar which did hit
the highest strongest level in uh 11 or
12 years there uh really on the back of
these cross asset moves. Just very
quickly before we uh go into the
Japanese lunch break, a glance at auto
stocks really feeling the pinch and of
course these are stocks of course that
derive a lot of the revenues from
outside. A big move in the yen causes a
big move in the stocks on your screens.
Gold stocks we'll end on this then we'll
take a short break. gold is bid 5,107
106 on silver and hence the bid we're
seeing just about across the board on
precious metals equity plays plenty more
ahead. This is the China show.
>> All right, 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese
markets are going on break in a moment.
O I think we need a break all just to
kind of digest some of the price action
that we've seen uh just the last couple
hours here after what was a surprise
right I think the pace of which we heard
these conversations about possible
intervention here and possibly some sort
of coordinated sort of moves with the US
and Japan that is what's kind of driving
a lot of the equity moves here this
morning given the yen strength that
we've seen and we are seeing now the
nicke uh coming to that lunch break here
lower by close to 2%. Yeah. Um, not that
it's good travel advice to change your
money at the airport because the rates
there are typically not the best that
you'll get, but some people are probably
regretting not changing some of their
cash into the end before they boarded a
flight and they come here and it's like
what a percent or two stronger. But yes,
um, it's it's really the big market
story we're tracking today. In fact, the
nick is off 2%. The rest of the region
though is interesting because it is
leading to broad dollar weakness with a
lot of these currencies hitting you know
hefty superlatives right like the sing
dollar for example was the strongest
hitting the strongest levels since 2014.
The equity market weakness though does
seem to be largely confined to Japan.
You do have some weak spots here and
there but we're still up on the
benchmark. I think something to contend
with. It's Fed week, right? So, we'll
see how they frame uh you have personnel
changes on top of, of course, the
exercise of monetary policy, the feed
through on inflation from the tariffs
among the many other things we're trying
to figure out.
>> I think we're still waiting maybe
possibly this week some sort of
announcement on who the Fed chair is
going to be from the Trump
administration. I think it's it's really
kind of it's
>> not you, is it?
>> It's very interest. No, no,
>> but they were talking I I love the
headline that came out last week about
finding the next Fed chair is now
finding that elusive unicorn because
there's just not one contender that can
actually appease the market and and also
of course uh the Trump administration at
the same time. Uh but certainly there's
going to be a lot to talk about here uh
when it comes to China as well, right?
When you talk about this slow bull
market that regulators and policy makers
are really trying to engineer uh when we
talk about what we've seen the cooling
measures of late whether it's kind of
the offloading by the national team of
ETFs margin financing which has been
tightened as well. Uh joining us now
from our BI team is Marvin Chen of
course he watches all things China
markets for us. Uh Marvin, China wants a
slow bull market. Can you tell us
exactly what that means really how
they're going to achieve that?
Yeah, I think uh you know regulators are
really looking to kind of uh lower
volatility in the markets and kind of
move away from the big up and down
cycles that we've seen uh previously. Um
so one way to do that is lower lowering
the leverage in the system and that's
what we've seen uh with the tightening
of the margin requirements uh earlier
this month. Um the other issue that this
helps address is that you know if um uh
policy makers need to uh further ease
liquidity or uh provide more policy
support they want to see this liquidity
flow into the real economy instead of uh
financial markets. So um you know even
though quant traders or high frequency
traders may not like the lower
volatility uh ultimately the goal is to
reduce risk for the um average household
uh investor and and that's what um
policy makers are aiming to do.
Mar Marvin, can I ask you about margin
margin debt margin balance? I mean
certainly the one of the things that
Ivman pointing out of course was raising
you know the ratio there and I wonder
the balance when you look at it it's
still quite high and I and I wonder does
that is that a reflection of uh efficacy
of the policy? Is it is it a concern
that investors should be thinking about
a further tightening along those lines?
How should we be thinking about that
risk?
>> Yeah. Yeah. I mean if we look at the
absolute value of the margin balance it
is at historical highs and higher than
the levels of the 2015 um uh margin
crisis but if we look at it as a
percentage of the ashare market cap or
turnover um the margin balance is uh has
been fairly steady at 2.4% 4% of uh the
market cap. Uh and this is compared to
over 4% uh back in 2015. And as a
percentage of turnover, it's roughly 10%
of turnover, roughly half the levels
that we saw during the 2015 crisis. Um
so, you know, the Asure market has grown
uh quite a bit since uh 2015. Um uh the
total market cap now stands at over a
100red trillion yen. So, uh as the
market grows, we do expect the margin
bounce and uh rise naturally as well.
How do you think the policy has impacted
market sentiment, Marvin? Are we seeing
a large negative impact?
>> Um, you know, at the beginning of the
year, we got off to a fast start. Uh,
our sentiment indicator was showing uh
kind of exuberant levels which does
signal some overheating of the market.
So, I think the policy does come at a
right time of our sentiment indicator
has fallen back into a balanced
enthusiastic zone. So um I think this
reflects that there there is some
expectations that uh there there are um
will be catalysts on the horizon um
mainly looking towards the earning
season and potentially uh some further
easing in in the coming months.
>> Marvin, thank you so much. Marvin Chen
there out of Bloomberg Intelligence is
helping us understand where we are in
the slow bull market and whether or not
some of those things are a problem or
the market's taking them in uh in in
stride. Okay, let us uh take you
straight back of course to why we're
here at the Asian Financial Forum. It's
the annual gathering of course that
kickstart the calendar year. Uh and
joining us here on set, Federated Hermes
has announced plans to open an office.
Where else? Hong Kong of course if that
wasn't curious clear enough. Uh to
capitalize really on this growing wealth
market and of course this bull market
that we're in. Joining us here on set is
the global liquidity market CIO Deborah
Cunningham has has visited us. He's
You arrived yesterday.
>> Yes.
>> Okay. And we're all okay as far as jet
lag is concerned.
>> What is jet lag?
>> Oh, there we go. Powering through it.
So, what is this big announcement?
>> The announcement is that um Federated
Hermes has planned in 2026 to open an
official office uh in Hong Kong. We have
been active here now for the better part
of a decade um with family offices, with
institutional clients, with private
banks. And um our thought process is at
this point it's a key center for us from
an Asian expansion standpoint. So we're
opening an office.
>> What can you do differently with an
office than you than you couldn't
before? I mean are you talking about
putting more people to be based here
now?
>> Absolutely. There will be more people.
There will be more products and
ultimately the beginning of the process
is getting the appropriate
registrations, the appropriate licensing
for those who will be here on a
full-time basis. So, um, slow
beginnings, but with, uh, high
expectations. Do
>> you know how many people will be based
here eventually?
>> You know, we're we're we're rolling it
out on a person by person, product
byproduct basis. So, I can't tell you an
exact number, but it's more than we have
today.
>> Well, yeah, there we go. There we go.
Well, okay. Uh, let's talk about the the
here and now and trying to understand
obviously why you're here. The markets
are they've done well. Most asset
classes have done well despite all the
uncertainty out there and one of which
is the Fed. personnel changes are
normal. Some are expecting this
personnel change to be fairly
counterintuitive to what we're used to
seeing out of the Fed. Do you think that
independence is an issue that we need to
contend with?
>> Well, it's certainly a lot more
contentious than what we have dealt with
um historically from a Fed chair change.
So, um, I do think there's an
expectation that perhaps Cher Pal, whose
term as a governor doesn't expire till 2
2028, might stay on because of that
contention. Now, there are five chief
contenders that we know for his job, all
of which have been the named person um
over the course since they've been the
unicorn over the course of the last um,
you know, month and a half or so. Um,
right now that seems to be Rick Ryder
from um, from Black Rockck. Now whether
or not that comes true or not is is a
question. Ultimately I think each of the
five have pedigrees that will not allow
them to compromise the independence of
the Fed. It's been a separate type of
institution since its formation and that
formation even through this current
administration has been protected and I
do believe that will continue to be the
case despite the fact that there will be
different personnel directing it.
There's been a lot of talk about just
the policies that we've seen from the
Trump administration, whether it's
Greenland alike, and I think the the the
tensions that we're seeing in
transatlantic um with the EU. There was
a lot of talk last week about whether
you know the Europeans would weaponize,
you know, the holdings of US assets. Do
do you see any of that happening?
>> You know, it really doesn't seem like
that's the case so far. I mean, if you
look at currencies of the world, if you
look at government um traded bonds of
the world, none of the size of the US
dollar market or the treasury market and
ultimately they still represent what I
would call the flight to safety trade,
even if they are part of what the
concern is with regards to the safety.
So, it's not something that we think is
going going to be the the story of the
decade or even the story of this year,
but there will be rumblings, I think,
around uh specific situations
situations, Greenland being one of them,
although that seems to have now taken a
little bit of a back seat. Um, I think
the next thing we're worried about right
now is more internal to the United
States, which is potential for another
government shutdown, which is different
than a debt sealing issue. Debt sealing
issues are where there's concerns about
whether Treasury is going to be paying
in the context of a government shutdown.
Basically, the impact on the market is
just lack of data, lack of economic
information that's provided. So, it's
not as consequential as a debt ceiling
type of of issue, but it's still, you
know, it's it's kind of the Fed as well
as the markets flying a little bit
blind,
>> right? Uh what's your major assumption
around global liquidity this year? And
really core to that is the pricing of of
the US dollar which has been fairly
weak.
>> It has been weak um against certain
currencies. It's been weak pretty much
against the euros. Um and that has a lot
to do with where interest rate policy
has gone. It's gone from you know 5 and
a4% down to 3 and a half% and ultimately
that 175 basis points you know from a
pricing perspective has come out of the
currency as well. Having said that, um,
our outlook at this point from a Fed
standpoint is for one maybe two moves
additionally, but with a terminal rate
that's still 3% or above, which
ultimately if you're in a fairly low
inflationary environment, which we've
gone from, you know, 6 to 5 to 4 to
three, we're not at two where the Fed
wants us to be. But having said that, I
think that it'll ultimately still um you
know allow the value within the 3 plus%
environment uh to be held.
>> Yeah. And I think that's the biggest
surprise that we saw last year was that
US growth has proven to be quite
resilient uh in many ways.
>> The consumer is strong.
>> Yeah. But there is still this lingering
concern of US exceptionalism that is
fading and I think you've mentioned
about this in your outlook as well. What
do you see as the immediate sort of
knock-on effects that that could have?
Well, I think what we've seen and what
we're likely to continue to see to some
degree, although policies maybe are
mitigating some of that, um, is the
K-shaped economy where the, you know,
the consumer that's employed, the
consumer that is doing well from, you
know, a compensation perspective is
spending. They're not afraid to spend.
They're spending small items. They're
spending services. They're spending
large ticket items. But then there is
still a portion of the economy that from
a protection standpoint is on the lower
end of that. And that part is not
recovering as much, which was one of the
um you know purposes of the tax bill.
The one big beautiful bill that was
passed last year is supposed to in fact
impact that lower rung of consumer
spending to allow the footing from a
stronger economy to be felt across all
classes, not just the the middle class
and above. the you can really make a
strong argument that rates should be
higher or should be lower.
>> You could
>> the price the pricing right now in the
10 year for example where do you think
the me next big move is going to be up
or down?
>> Um we are at 102.5%
from a duration call perspective. So
we're not all that far off of um you
know what we would be calling our
neutral call. Okay. uh immediate next
impacts we think might be that the price
goes a little bit lower um but with
still concern that you know the the
overall uh pricing mechanism and yields
go in the opposite direction as well. So
no big bets at this point thinking that
where we are is probably around where
we're going to stay.
>> Debbie it's good to have you here in the
region. Deborah Cunningham there global
liquidity markets CIO at Federated
Hermes. We're still checking FX here
just from, you know, we've seen
basically this rebound in the yen uh
being more pronounced in this last hour,
right? I think it was 1% sort of gains
that we saw against most of the pairs
here. You take a look at what it comes
to. Uh dollar yen here right now. We're
at 153
>> level. So we just broken below the 154
threshold here this morning. Dollar
continues to weaken here. Sing dollar is
at the highest we've seen since 2014.
Malaysian ringit also the highest we've
seen since 2018. This is blueber.
>> All right, we're checking US assets here
this morning. So, the yen certainly is
leading to the dollar to weaken
substantially here. Uh we're also
watching when it comes to US futures, uh
some pressure here, uh some pronounced
moves to the downside here. So it looks
to be a pretty interesting open for Wall
Street on Monday. Um but certainly there
has been some concerns uh with what's
been going on in Minnesota where US
Democrats now are threatening a
potential government shutdown following
another killing by ICE agents in
Minneapolis. For the latest, let's bring
in our deputy managing editor, Belage
Pence. He joins us from Hong Kong with
what what to expect and what the
Democrats are really thinking at this
point. Belage,
>> well Ivonne, it seems like we're only a
couple of months removed from a record
shutdown uh in the US and we're back
again here talking about a very similar
situation. Although it must be said that
this time uh if there is a shutdown, it
would not be a complete shutdown. Like
last time we're talking about these
annual appropriation bills which
Congress has been working through. Six
of them have been approved already.
There are six more waiting and what the
Democrats are saying they cannot go
along with the funding for DHS with the
funding for ICE that the Republicans are
asking for after the scenes that we've
happening and after the news that have
been coming out of uh Minnesota. So they
want to slow things down and they
actually want to separate DHS funding
from the rest of the funding bills and
it remains to be seen whether that's
even possible procedurally. There's only
a few more days left until the deadline.
So they are working with a very very
short uh time period to try to get this
solved there. There's still a lot of
tension there and it doesn't look like
the Democrats are budging at this point.
>> And what what do we have to watch out
for next? Um you know obviously there's
a lot of talk about you know is there
any sort of offramp? I mean, you're
seeing so much protest on the ground
there and and and anger on the streets
um of given the ICE presence there in
Minnesota. What are some kind of signs
of what's next?
>> Well, what's really interesting is is
how immigration is being reframed
politically by what all Americans are
seeing uh in Minnesota right now. Until
now, it seemed like immigration was a
great issue for the president and great
issue for uh for Republicans.
consistently pulled more favorably when
it comes to that. And right now that
seems to be changing and that what the
Democ that's what the Democrats are
seizing on. And that's why we're seeing
some Republican members of the Senate
also wavering a little bit in their
support for this bill for the DHS and
asking for investigations, asking for an
independent inquiry uh into what
happened over the weekend as well. So,
it looks like the political climate
around immigration and and particularly
around the ICE operations is changing.
And if that's the case, then the
Democrats might have more leverage,
might have a little bit more leeway uh
to force changes with these
appropriation bills.
>> Bash, thank you. Bash Pence, our deputy
managing editor, joining us there in our
Hong Kong studios. Um, as we kind of
trap tra take a look and keep track on
other news that we're following for you
this morning. China's top general is
reportedly accused of passing secret
information about the country's nuclear
weapons program to the US. And that's
according to the Wall Street Journal.
Jang Yo Xia is also accused of accepting
bribes for official acts, including
promoting an officer to the post of
defense minister. The report goes beyond
China's announcement on Saturday that it
was investigating Jang. Mymar's
militarybacked party is poised for a
landslide victory in the final phase of
a controversial election. The
regimebacked Union Solidarity and
Development Party as it secured more
than 85% of the contested seats in the
first two phases. Critics have called
the vote neither free nor fair as it
excludes opposition parties and conflict
zones. Vietnam's new poll bureau has
been revealed as the Communist Party
Congress wrapped up in Hanoi. Tam hasn't
confirmed as general secretary and also
appears to have secured the presidency
with seemingly minimal backroom
wrangling. The nation's top positions
are selected from the 19 members elected
to the party's most powerful
decision-making body, which sets overall
policy direction. And we'll put more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
>> I I don't know if you're watching. I was
watching on just tender hooks. Oh man,
just the nerves of
>> of watching Alex
completing his free solo ascent of
Taipei 101 on Sunday. There was some
weather concerns, right? That's why they
postponed it. But he scaled a skyscraper
in a risky event and it was streamed
live, Dave, on Netflix. It was amazing
to watch.
>> I don't think I have ever been
>> that nervous.
>> That nervous, stressed. My I mean, not
borrowing a phrase from Eminem, but my
palms were sweaty. Um,
>> mom spaghetti.
And you know, I I can guarantee you yet
Sunday that was the probably in the
history of Taipei 101, the building
probably had the most people on record
on a Sunday because almost every floor
>> that was my favorite part of the whole
thing.
>> Everyone was waving to him.
>> Everyone was wanting to take selfies
with him every floor.
>> Um I'm sure that was a bit of a
distraction for him, but apparently this
is easy for him, right? I mean, he's
used to climbing caves and whatnot. Um
but yes, he is the first to do so
without a rope. Um all the way up 101
floors here, of course. Um certainly
it's going to be a really interesting
one to watch because it kind of puts
this whole sport, I guess you could say,
right? Netflix is really kind of doing
this live. Yeah.
>> For the first time. I mean, does it kind
of It really kind of puts kind of
climbing the like here really in the
spotlight.
>> It really does. I don't Have you seen
how much they were compensated for this?
I mean not not that of course but you
know he's he's done he's free solo del
capitan of course which is one of I
think most people have also seen that
>> but it just yes I mean and I was
actually joking and bantering you know
so this is like the the second hardest
challenge in Taiwan to scale the next
one would be try and scale the chart of
TSMC
>> and see how also an ascent
>> also also quite an ascent to the upside
but yes like he got there. Um it but but
yeah, but I guess takes us back to
markets.
>> Congratulations to him.
>> Fantastic.
>> You could see him. He he looked like he
was just genuinely just trying to take
in that those views of Taipei from the
very top. Of course, he used to be the
tallest building in the world uh from
some time, but then it was overtaken by
the Burj Khalifa, but then again, there
you go. What a sight.
>> Maybe that's next. Um certainly, you
know, when it comes to cents, we we've
been talking about the dollar yen trade
and it seems like today we've actually
hit a bit of a peak, I guess, or at
least for now. We'll see.
>> Yeah. Uh quite a big jump in the value
of the Japanese currency. It's up
against most everything with the
exception, I last I checked, against the
Korean one. Um but suffice to say, yes,
we are at 154, 153, in fact, a few
moments ago, if you're just joining us,
uh just joining us today. And it's
really caused this broad suite of dollar
weakness across the board. And it's
really given something to talk about if
in fact of course it's a rate check or
said to Mulla rate check and whether or
not direct intervention is still needed
given of course the moves already seeing
in these markets today.
>> Well people said they have to kind of
follow through right when you're talking
about rate checks from the Fed New York
Fed as well as the Bank of Japan. Um you
better follow through or else you're
going to you're going to see more
weakness and maybe 162 according to
State Street is going to be that line of
descent of when they actually do take
some action. So, uh, lots to watch here.
Of course, this is post BOJ prefed,
right, this week. So, certainly there's
a lot on mine. We're still talking about
north of 5,000 for gold.
>> Yeah, that continues to be the story.
And, you know, I remember still people
talking about silver at 70 was expensive
and we're 110 as we speak. Okay, we will
leave it there for now. We have lots
more coming up here, of course, out of
the AFF. Lots more interviews here on
the ground, but from the China show,
that's from us and we will see you all
tomorrow. Plenty more ahead though on
Bloomberg television.